Kindly refer to this post
Image: Here are a few captions for the image you sent, playing with different
tones: **Simple & Descriptive:** * A headshot of a man wearing glasses and a
purple shirt. * Portrait of a man with short dark hair and glasses smiling.
**More Engaging:** * A friendly face ready to connect! * Confident and
approachable, this man looks ready to take on the day. **Slightly Humorous:**
* Just your average genius with great eyewear. To give you the best caption,
it would be helpful to know what the image is being used for (e.g., a
professional profile, a social media post, etc.).
[Tds jan 2025 calender accesss and video lecture access in
portal](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/tds-jan-2025-calender-
accesss-and-video-lecture-access-in-portal/163158/3) [Tools in Data
Science](/c/courses/tds-kb/34)
> [@RaunakThatoi](/u/raunakthatoi) [@jahnavih](/u/jahnavih) The course content
> is available at [[Screenshot 2025-01-13 at
> 22.47.14]](https://europe1.discourse-
> cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/7/b7c29496f7b2a20dc259fb7176a17e75513d1f20.png
> "Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.47.14") At [Tools in Data
> Science](https://tds.s-anand.net/#/) the course calendar is also available.
> [[Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.51.33]](https://europe1.discourse-
> cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/f/dfbb3776487be8186e362fb0f11ec940f82939b0.png
> "Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.51.33") Likewise the GAs also are available
> through the links in the seek portal as well as on the course domain shared
> above. The course introduction has very important information. Many students
> who faced problems in Tools for Data Science in previous terms usually never
> read the intro. Please be dilig…
Kind regards