[@carlton](/u/carlton) Sir in my case, in week 2 it is showing “Absent” but I
have attempted and saved the answers  
Image: Here are a few captions for the image: **Short and Sweet:** * "My
Current Courses" * "Course Progress" **More Descriptive:** * "Tools in Data
Science course overview and assignments." * "Progress in Tools in Data
Science: Check your grades and assignments." * "Details for the 'Tools in Data
Science' course including assignments and progress." **If you want to indicate
a problem:** * "Repeat Full Course" * "Assignments are missing" Choose the
caption that best fits the context where you plan to use the image.
  
Image: Here are a few captions for the image, playing with different aspects
of the content: **Short & Simple:** * "Logged in and ready to track scores." *
"Recent saves - aiming for the top score!" * "Account details and recent save
history." **Highlighting the Score:** * "Striving for a perfect score –
progress in action!" * "Recent saves and score progression. 7 is the target!"
* "Gameplay history: Chasing that high score!" **Descriptive:** * "Account
logged in with recent save data showing scores and timestamps." * "Interface
showing the user is logged in, with the ability to logout, and a log of recent
game saves and scores." * "Screenshot of a user interface indicating login
status, logout option, and the history of game save scores with associated
timestamps." **Humorous (if appropriate for context):** * "My gaming progress
documented. Time to hit that 'Reload' button again!" * "Obsessively tracking
those scores… (most recent is my official score)." The best caption will
depend on where you are using the image and what point you want to emphasize.
My email ID is 22f2000559@ds.study.iitm.ac.in.  
Thank you.