[@23f2003413](/u/23f2003413)
We will have it uploaded sometime this morning.
It has two parts to it. The first part is the TAs solving the Mock in real
time (however this is not a solutions session). The purpose of it is to get
you to realise some key things:
  1. The chaos of ROE.
  2. The adrenaline, speed of thought, the need to be very familiar with your tools.
  3. The limited time you have to use GPT effectively. It will help you with minor work flows, but not with complex tasks. (watch the session debrief to hear a clear articulation about this).
  4. The value of efficient and effective collaboration. A hodgepodge of many people will not make an effective solutions team.
  5. **The ABSOLUTE importance of creating your own cheat sheet with code snippets that will help you solve ROE quickly**
  6. Workflow of ROE: Data Extraction → Data Cleaning → Data Transformation → Data Analyisis → Information to answer questions
  7. The pitfalls of getting fixated on a question (a very common mistake and you can see it happen in the real time solving session as well).
  8. How limited the time is.
The second part of the session was a debrief for the sheer shock that students
felt. The goal of the mock was to acclimatise you to the shock of ROE.  
Past terms never had this benefit. We thought to take the shock factor out so
that you can be better prepared than any term before. Emotions were raw. But
this is normal. What is unusual is to have a preview of it before ROE. So the
discussions were very intense even for us.
Today’s Mock ROE will be more like a traditional solving session and deal with
new aspects. It has the added bonus of being hosted on an exam server (without
a time limit).
I would still STRONGLY advise setting a horrible sounding alarm to acclimatise
to the pressure cooker of ROE. You will make stupid mistakes under pressure.
The TAs did yesterday as well. So best to reduce this factor by getting used
to the clock.
Kind regards