Image: Here are a few caption options for the image, playing on different
angles: **General/Neutral:** * A professional headshot of a man in a suit. *
Portrait of a confident young professional. * A man dressed formally, looking
at the camera. **More specific:** * Ready for business. * Driven and ready to
succeed. If you'd like, give me a specific context or tone you're aiming for
and I can tailor the caption further!
lakshaygarg654:
> **GA Platform Changes:** Initially, we were solving questions on
> [exam.sanand.workers.dev](https://exam.sanand.workers.dev) . However, in
> GA6, we moved to _Seek_ and in GA7, to _Google Forms_. The issue is that in
> GA6, we cannot check our answers like we could in previous assignments.
The course is in transition. Initially all of it used to be on seek portal.
But there were limitations of seek portal that we were not able to work around
to deliver the kind of interactive, reactive and rapid corrections/iterations
that are now possible because we moved the evaluations from the seek portal to
the TDS server. Since the move to the new TDS server on the back end, we are
able to also directly see students actual parameterised questions whenever
doubts are raised. This is NOT possible on seek portal for us. The results are
immediate to see. You got timely rapid feedback for GA 1 to GA 5 from the TAs.
The TAs were also able to iterate quickly in discussion with the instructors
and the professor as well as operations.
With GA 6 our inability to actually see your individual question sets
immediately (its possible, but it has to take a very circuitous route via 3
set of people) meant we were always on the back foot for both, checking the
answers, as well as making any corrections. And since the questions were
parameterised, for technical reasons it was extremely
cumbersome/risky/impossible to make changes without it being VERY disruptive
to all students. These were some of the reasons we are transitioning. We have
seen this problem term after term in prior terms with regards to the seek
portal. This is a technological limitation of the current seek portal that
directly impacts our ability to react to a dynamic course like TDS.
GA 7 was decided to submit via forms again for the reasons listed above. GA6
was straightforward because it was a traditional evaluation. Whereas GA7 is
once again very unique and does not handle well in being configured in Seek
Portal. Since it was not possible in such a short time to transition GA7 to
our preferred hosting server and student favourite, we opted for the least
disruptive solution that we are able to action very quickly upon.
Image: Here are a few caption options for the image of the man in the suit:
**General/Neutral:** * "Professional headshot." * "Ready for business." * "A
man with purpose." **If you want to be a bit playful:** * "Suit up!" * "Ready
to take on the day." **Descriptive (assuming context):** * "Our new team
member." * "Meet [Name], our [Job Title]." To give you the *best* caption, it
would be helpful to know more about the context of where this image will be
used. For example, is it for a work website, a social media profile, or
something else?
lakshaygarg654:
> **Project 1:** The result is still awaited, although it was expected on or
> before March 16. Any update on this would be helpful.
Project 1 evaluations is VERY computationally intensive for us to evaluate.
Each project although dockerised, with an average submission weighing at 2GB,
we have to provision space of 1 TB along with the cloud computer resources for
all of that (RAM and vCPUs) and if you thought creating project 1 was tough,
you can imagine the technical challenge involved in evaluating the 600+
submissions with all the errors and issues we have to fix. In truth its all
hands on deck for us here on the back end because it has been deemed critical.
So while we are moving the course along, we are also aware that evaluations
are at serious risk of missing crucial deadlines. We are taking the matter
with utmost seriousness. Its just that we cant always keep you up to date on
every set back we are facing.
Each and everyone of us are concerned about Project 1 and are working on it.
Anand, JK, Prasanna, myself, Jivraj and Saransh. We all have been given access
to the eval server which we only managed to provision a few days ago and we
are all trying to get the most ambitious TDS project evaluation out the dry
dock and into the water and hoping it floats gracefully rather than sink in
the estuary. Meanwhile we are busy patching the pipes in the belly of the ship
while its rolling down the slipway.
Image: Here are a few caption options for the image: **General/Professional:**
* "Ready to take on the day." * "Professionalism in every frame." * "Focused
and driven." **More engaging/personal:** * "Smiling and ready to connect." *
"Always learning and growing." * "Here to make a difference." **Humorous
(depending on the context you want to use it in):** * "Trying to look
presentable for that meeting!" * "Coffee is my superpower." The best caption
will depend on where you're using the image and what message you want to
convey.
lakshaygarg654:
> ### 3\. ROE Score Update
>
>   * While ROE scores may not be a primary concern, the bonus marks in ROE
> have still not been updated on the student dashboard. It would be helpful to
> get confirmation on when these will be reflected.
>
You got the maximum possible mark in ROE. Does it not show you got 100 in ROE
in the dashboard? I have been told by operations that it has been pushed.
Kind regards