Image: Here are a few captions for the image of the letter "D" on a grey
background: **Simple & Literal:** * The letter D. * A grey D. * D. **A Bit
More Creative:** * Starting with D... * D for...? * The fourth letter. * A
smooth, rounded D. **If You Know Context:** * D is for [Whatever D stands for
in that context] * (Related to a grade) Getting a D in [Subject]. To give you
the *best* caption, I would need more context about how or why you are using
the image.
22f3002933:
> I have noticed that my image was run on a `x86_64` architecture ( I can see
> my email in the logs shared ) whereas I built this docker image on my mac
> which is `ARM`. This is why I can see that my docker image never ran
> properly and threw the `exec format error`.
>
> This was never mentioned on which architecture machine, our images will be
> evaluated. I request that my evaluation be done again on the right machine.
[@carlton](/u/carlton) same issue, My image was also run on a `x86_64`
architecture. I too built on my mac which is `ARM` (M1 Processor). I too can
see that my docker image never ran properly and threw the `exec format error`
and **Evaluation log file** is MISSING.
Actually my image was run on x86_64 architecture as it was present in that log
file and because of the wrong architecture it never started.
I also request that my evaluation be done again on the right machine.
Image: Here is a possible caption for the image: "A snapshot of the Docker
image registry showing the latest version of `pradeepmondal/final-tds-project-
pradeep-mondal` was pushed about a month ago by pradeepmondal. It is a Linux
image for ARM64 architecture and was last pulled 1 day ago. The compressed
size is 179.2 MB."
Even just now I tried running the exact image:  
Image: Here are a few caption options for the image: **Short and simple:** *
Running a podman container with Uvicorn. **More descriptive:** * Console
output showing a podman container starting up with Uvicorn, bound to port
8000. **Technical:** * Podman command to run a container with an environment
variable and port mapping. Uvicorn is running and accessible at
http://0.0.0.0:8000. **A bit more conversational:** * Uvicorn is up and
running inside a podman container! Time to test it out. I hope this helps!
It is running fine on my macbook air m1 (ARM)
[@Jivraj](/u/jivraj) [@Saransh_Saini](/u/saransh_saini)