Your Dockerfile was misconfigured. When we try to build the docker image from
your github repo, we get this error:
`tried copying parent folder(COPY failed: forbidden path outside the build
context: .. ())`
You have to replicate the test environment. If it works when you follow this
test setup then you should get in touch with us.
Image: Here are a few captions for the image, playing with different angles:
**Simple & Descriptive:** * A man with glasses smiling at the camera. *
Portrait of a man wearing a purple shirt. **A bit more personality:** * Casual
Friday vibes. * Ready for that Zoom meeting. **If you know something about the
person (which I don't from the image):** * (Name), looking sharp as always! *
The face of (his profession/passion)! To give you the best caption, I'd need a
little more context. For example, do you know this person? Do you want the
caption to be funny, professional, or something else?
[Tds-official-
Project1-discrepencies](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/tds-
official-project1-discrepencies/171141/316) [Tools in Data
Science](/c/courses/tds-kb/34)
> To replicate the test environment: Fetch the github repo’s latest commit
> before 18th feb use below code for that. You need to have github cli
> installed on your system and need authentication for certain github api
> enpoint access. Once authenticated and providing the appropriate repo
> details you can run this code using uv. # /// script # dependencies = [ #
> "requests", # ] # /// import requests import datetime as dt import zoneinfo
> import argparse import os import zipfile parser = argparse.…